Fellow MBC members,

We have a trip this Wednesday at Brooks Estate in Medford as well as a trip
on Sunday at Arlington Reservoir.



Our next meeting is Tuesday, April 21 as we will have Alyssa Giaquinto the
founder and director of Giaquinto Wildlife Center, a family-run nonprofit
wildlife rehabilitation and education organization based in Massachusetts
presenting - on wildlife rehabilitation and how we can coexist with native
wildlife here in Massachusetts.



To help you plan, we have included trips through April.



Do, however, continue to look at the weekly e-mails as we will be
continually adding trips based upon what is being seen, weather and
availability of our leaders.



Spring migration is happening now with some interesting observations being
posted throughout Massachusetts so keep exploring your local patches, *report
what you are seeing* and enjoy all that our area has to offer.



*Wednesday, April 15*

*Brooks Estate, Medford*

*Diana Fruguglietti 8:30 AM – 10:30 AM*

Join us as we search for early spring migrants - particularly Pine, Palm,
and Yellow-rumped Warblers, but there may also be phoebes, several
sparrows, kinglets and thrushes. Or, let's find a surprise. Meet at the
entrance at 266 Grove St. entrance (255-277 Grove Street) 8:30 – 10:30 AM
Diana Fruguglietti diana.fru@gmail.com



*Sunday, April 19*

*Arlington Reservoir *


*John Edmondson 7:00 AM – 9:00 AM *We'll circle the reservoir looking for
early spring migrants including waterfowl and shorebirds. This is a fairly
short walk in distance on easy paths. If you arrive late, you can find us
by heading around until you catch up (we should be obvious). Easy to leave
early too if you like. Cosponsored with the Brookline Bird Club. Meet in
the parking lot off Lowell St, Arlington directly across the street from
Westmoreland Avenue.. 7:00 AM - 9:00 AM. John Edmondson
johnhedmondson@gmail.com



*Tuesday, April 21*

*Mary Cummings Park, Burlington*

*Diana Fruguglietti 8:00 AM – 9:30 AM*

Join us as we explore Mary Cummings Park for early spring migrants and
local breeding birds. Meet at the soccer field parking lot on Blanchard
Road, Burlington, across from 10 Blanchard Road. 8:00 AM - 9:30 AM Diana
Fruguglietti diana.fru@gmail.com



*Tuesday, April 21*

*6:30 PM Social Time, 7:00 Meeting Start *

*Wildlife Rehabilitation & How We Can Coexist with Native Wildlife here in
Massachusetts Alyssa Giaquinto – Jenks Center, Winchester*

Please join the Menotomy Bird Club on Tuesday, April 21st @ 7:00 PM at the
Jenks Center, 109 Skillings Road in Winchester as we will have Alyssa
Giaquinto the founder and director of Giaquinto Wildlife Center, a
family-run nonprofit wildlife rehabilitation and education organization
based in Massachusetts presenting - on wildlife rehabilitation and how we
can coexist with native wildlife here in Massachusetts.



We'll talk about what wildlife rehabilitation really looks like behind the
scenes, common reasons animals need help, and practical, everyday ways
people can peacefully share space with wildlife in their communities. The
presentation is educational, engaging, and designed to inspire compassion
and conservation while giving attendees real take-home knowledge. Alyssa is
a licensed wildlife rehabilitator through MassWildlife and the U.S. Fish
and Wildlife Service, as well as a state- and federally permitted wildlife
educator. She is passionate about conservation, community education, and
inspiring the next generation to protect native species. Alyssa is joined
during programs by her non-releasable educational ambassador barn owl,
Bella, who helps audiences of all ages connect with wildlife in a
meaningful and memorable way.



Doors open at 6:30 for set up and social time and the meeting starts
promptly at 7:00 PM.



*Thursday, April 23*

*Spring Migration at Mount Auburn Cemetery*

*John Edmondson 6:30 AM – 8:30 AM*

Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge and Watertown is one of the best local
spots to experience spring migration & this is the time of year to begin to
experience that migration. Cosponsored with the Brookline Bird Club. Meet
in front of the Story Chapel on Central Ave, across from the Asa Gray
Garden (Lawn Ave circle). 6:30 AM - 8:30 AM John Edmondson
johnhedmondson@gmail.com

If you are interested in leading a trip, please reach out to Diana
Fruguglietti <Diana.fru@gmail.com> or myself, the club would be so lucky to
have you lead.

Please continue to post your observations.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out.

Paul Ippolito
Woburn
